hi I'm Miriam from BBC good food and I'm
going to show you how to make some
chocolate chip cookies this is one of
our most popular recipes and it's called
vintage chocolate chip cookies so to get
started I've got my oven preheating to
about 190 degrees and I've got two
baking sheets lined with greaseproof
baking paper to make the dough
I need 150 grams of soft butter pop that
in there and to that I need 80 grams
each of granulated sugar and light brown
Muscovado sugar cream those together
with your wooden spoon until they're
light and fluffy okay that's all light
and creamy now I need to add an egg and
I need to add two teaspoons of vanilla
extract get that all mixed in
and now I leave my dry ingredients I've
got 225 grams of plain flour sit down
along with a quarter of a teaspoon salt
and 1/2 a teaspoon of bicarbonate of
soda mix those together
and last but not least 200 grams of dark
chocolate tips
and that's your cookie dough to bake
them I need to put teaspoon fulls of the
mixture evenly on the baking sheets you
don't want them too close together
otherwise they'll spread you just get
one big cookie I'm gonna pop these in
the oven now for about 8 to 10 minutes
until they're lightly golden on the
outside and slightly puffed up
so these are ready now I need to leave
them on the tray for just a minute or so
to set a little bit if I start putting
them on the wire rack they might break
up now I just need to transfer them to
the wire rack to cool completely
these are cools and they're ready to eat
our vintage chocolate chip cookies from
BBC good food enjoy